hello this is Pokemon trainers here at
74 and this video I will be showing you
how to make a beginner starter kind of
deck I looked I looked up on now how to
make like a regular Pokemon deck and I
kind of enjoyed it and I made all I
started making just a little deck I
still it's still not finished I just
need the energies but I I'm far enough
to just show you how to make one so I
guess this is just this is not the best
deck this is not the best strategy I'm
making one but it's good to start out
with if you want to like battle your
friends or something or just practice
and you can build up and make a better
one so first let's just get rid do it
and say first you want to figure out
what types of Pokemon you want do you
want one type of Pokemon are two types
of Pokemon
well I suggest using two types of
Pokemon just to have more variety of
what you want so I made a fire type in a
as you can see the fire type in an
electric-type deck
we're first going to start out with my
fire type and how I did it so let me
just separate these two alright so I
suggest using 15 cards for each type so
like 15 fires 15 electric and 15
trainers and then 15 energies so we're
just gonna start out how I made the the
fire type well eyes are just just
getting four evolves of Pokemon so for
four types for evolves and then seven
other extra cards that I can put so I
started with
Darmok guns are made of ham
Arcanine with the ability and growlithe
another arcanine and growlithe but this
arcanine is different with the attacks
I also got epic and pick night and then
my seven different cards wishes to
Dharma tha's to brow lifts to pans ears
and one more Vesta so I just suggest
just using four evolve Pokemon and then
seven other different types so that
makes 15
so that's fit that's so the first 15
words are your deck just make it easy
just find 15 good cards that you like
for evolve seven seven just regular a
basic pokémon so yeah and then off to my
electric portion let me get the
electric-type pokémon all right so you
got the electric second one I also threw
in three colorless so you can use any
type of energy I want you want I think
so we're going to start over here I got
bored bulbs again of course - Pikachu's
in right shoes one Kingston Luxio a Joel
ticking the galavant Allah and then off
to my all I'm extra seven cards one
shanks - Pikachu's one a mobile and then
the three colorless I have a Jigglypuff
and another evolve which is been seen oh
and since you know I think it's in Chino
I'm not really sure but I really like
these this evolved because let's say
you're already evolved from Massino and
- since you know you can do you can
attach one you can attach one energy and
then use tail slap to slow them down and
then attach another energy and do do the
wave this is a pretty good attack it
does 20 damage times the number of your
bench Pokemon so that is like let's see
if I think let's say you have like 4
bench Pokemon 20 times 4 that's easily
like 80 80 hit points so that's very
that's a very good attack if you have
all I bench put them on and it also has
an exceptional amount of HP so yeah
that is those are two very
that's one very good evolved Asian and
we also got a basic Jigglypuff which I
like because you all you need is one
energy to do sing watch you know makes
the defending Pokemon asleep and then
you can attach another energy and do
double slap which does 20 damage times
the number of heads you get but when you
flip two points so yeah I really like
that part so that was the that was the
electric portion and now we have our
trainers well I just threw in some
trainers that I thought would be good
from you get addition to my deck I got
three potions I really recommend getting
some potions in there oh I got us two
switches which you can switch your your
Active Pokemon to your bench Pokemon
plus power which um during this turn
your pokémon's attack through ten more
damage energy retrieval this puts two
basic energy cards from your discard
pile into your hands so if you need more
energy to attach you can just get some
energy search search your deck for a
basic energy card and reveal it and put
it into your hand so if you this is a
lot of energy so you can get and then of
course I I really suggest getting two
revives just in case you you're like
only your good Pokemon has been knocked
out so you can revive them energy switch
moving basic energy from warrior Pokemon
to another Pokemon so want to move some
energies to another Pokemon you have to
Peter I really like this one this is a
Pokemon tool when you're Active Pokemon
is knocked out by damage from an
opponent's attack you may move one basic
energy hard that was attached to the
Pokemon to the Pokemon caught this card
as a tattoo and then a Pokemon Center
which gives you 20 which heals 20 damage
from your pony's Pokemon in your Pokemon
so that's kind of a benefit for both you
and your opponent then I got to Sharon's
one Bianca
draw cards until we have six cards into
you and your
end and then Sharon you can draw three
cards so so that is an okay portion for
trainers so that is basically my my
unfinished step because all I need is
some energies which I'm gonna get 15 off
to just make it even for this for my
starter and beginner deck so I hope you
like using like my strategy of how to
make just a regular beginner deck with
fifteen fifteen will of won-tae 15 of
another type and 15 trainers and 15
energy it's really easy to make if
you'll have a look if you have a good
amount of cards that you can put in so
yeah if I did get anything wrong in this
home video please comment below cuz I
really don't want to be wrong when I bet
if I ever end up battling some of my
friends or something because I really
don't want to be wrong
because if I make a really wrong deck
it's just gonna be really bad so please
comment below if I made any mistakes and
if you have another strategy message me
or also comment below if you have
another strategy or anything any
questions so I hope you enjoyed this
video and I hope you like my strategy
and thank you for watching